we are now very privileged to have
joining us Pamela Chopra Pam aunty as
many people knew her the wife of course
of the liturgy Josh chopra dbi Joshua's
to do right now he always used to come
and be with us five natural crash can
you please invite you in
oh thank you so much Oh welcome and
thank you for doing yes thank you so
much I don't come i'm sorry buddy um
ma'am you are of course ma'am please
comes at you dr j camara people come
here thank you ready ma'am you of course
have been very closely involved with
World Vision yes dr. J Kumar does you
been doing a lot for you know whether
it's education or safe drinking water
and a large number of areas you've been
contributing and trying to make a
difference yes that's quite true I'm
very very closely involved with World
Vision for I don't know how many years
maybe 10 12 years would it be that
regional yeah definitely that not yet
and i'm a real admirer of the work that
they do you champion for education
actually i mean when i was working in
more but David them I heard gk will blow
anybody's mind I mean her children are
brilliant but we know where it comes
from he is just really a champion for
education and I can totally see the fit
and I can see why her here and thank you
so much for being yeah man if I can just
add on a personal note that how much you
know coming here to yash raj studio how
much we're missing yeah she used to
always be here whenever one of our
campaigns was happening he's come he
look in you to say I'm so glad at the
work you are doing and really you know
you should give us such tremendous
tremendous support you know for many of
us there are other moments right outside
here in gas charged every time we used
to do the weather it was support my
school campaign the green earth on
others you meet us outside and help us
have words of suggestion and advice as
to what we should do to take the
campaign's forward and perhaps with your
experience with World Vision maybe you
can also share some thoughts with us
what can we do to help our students I
think the most important thing is a lot
of people are very of contributing to
various companies or organizations
because they're not sure of where the
money will go how it will be utilize
so I think the most important thing is
to show people that this is one area one
company one organization which will use
your funds to the best of their
abilities and I think I'm completely
certain about World Vision that's why I
never hesitate in contributing whatever
I can the world vision and I think if
everybody started feeling that about
support my school they would have a very
good outlet to donate to a lot of people
want to give money but they're always
worried about how the money will be
utilized so I think in a strong way one
should say that this is one organization
which will use your money in a very very
positive way i may say that that is that
something very important and that
message of how it has been used now it
said it was okay you're at advantage you
know being a media house in having the
opportunity to actually share with the
world what change you have been able to
bring about you have the op the Avenue
right here on on your channel to be able
to show it to the world what the changes
are and so when you get to share that
I'm sure you can actually meet with this
and address this very reservation that
actually she's expressing that a large
part of society probably have and they
probably share with each other where
they you know hold back so when you get
when you actually show visually the
change the effective change brought
about I am sure with each opportunity it
only means going from strength to
strength in their number one user
just got even better download any TVs
new have fully optimized for retina
display
full screen view
faster response time
and shadow cold
NDTV's new iPad app download now